# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2025-06-24

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kevNDtbEWn0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1485

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Claudio Wunder (@ovflowd)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Michaela Laurencin (@mlaurencin)
* Sebastian Beltran (@bjohansebas)
* Kate Powell (@kj-powell)

## Agenda
Private Session
Travel fund
ESP Update

### Announcements

- No announcements

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board

- Board meeting this Friday; will try to have a public deck ready for an upcoming CPC meeting

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

_Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting._

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Add CPC minutes 2025-02-18 [#1481](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1481)

* Add CPC minutes 2025-04-01 [#1480](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1480)

* Add CPC Minutes 2025-04-15 [#1479](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1479)

* Add CPC meeting notes 2025-04-29 [#1478](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1478)

* Add CPC meeting minutes 2025-05-13 [#1477](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1477)

* Add minutes for CPC meeting 2025-06-10 [#1476](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1476)

* Resources: GitHub's DevConnect Program [#1472](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1472)
  * All the above need review  

* Code of Conduct Information sharing between a project and the foundation [#1470](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1470)
  * topic for next working session

* Review NativeScript Charter for Approval [#1467](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1467)
   * Please review.

* [cosmos.gl] Project Charter Approval
[#1484](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1484)
   * Please review.

* What version of the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct should we use? [#1457](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1457)
  * Covenant folks working towards an August release of 3.0

* Proposal To Add A SERVICES.md or similar documentation to OpenJS Projects [#1425](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1425)
* [PR](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1482)
* Please review async and we will discuss in two weeks. 

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action - Remaining Items [#1417](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1417)

* continuity policy and package registries? [#1355](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1355)
   * [PR](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1483)
   * Topic for working session, how do we frame updates like this (and the coc policy changes) for projects, how do we bunch these up effectively for maintainers?
   * Opened new issue on this topic: [#1486](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1486)

* Update onboarding and post-graduation checklists to match new CoC policy [#1255](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1255)


### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

- plan is to split the working session between the following two issues
    - Maintainers update with recent updates and changes: [#1486](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1486)
    - Code of Conduct Information sharing between a project and the foundation: [#1470](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1470)

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

